Create README.md on clear-intermediate-macros (#277)
dataiku/dataiku-contrib: clear-intermediate-datasets/README.md

# Clear Intermediate Datasets Macro

> 

Reviewer: I would add a brief description of the macro ( just 1- 2 lines)

## CAUTION
The following macro clears intermediate datasets, which can result in the irreversible loss of data.
Always run this macro in dry-run mode first (as enabled by default) and check in the output list to 
confirm that no dataset is unintendedly cleared.

> Partitioned and Shared datasts are paticularly sensitive, and specific options has been added to remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###Partitioned and shared datasets
Partitioned and shared datasets are particularly sensitive. You can select the available options to keep your partitioned and shared datasets in the flow. 
```

them from the list of datasets to be cleared, if desired so.

> Be mindful of dependencies as well. Any of the follwing can be affected when clearing a dataset that contains:
> - Charts
> - Insights published in a dashboard
> - Insights shared in a workspace,
> - It's explicitily linked to an scenario step

Reviewer: It is preferred to use a neutral ton than imperative verbs, for e.g 
```suggestion
### Dependencies
Any of the following datas associated to a dataset can be affected when clearing it:
- Charts will be cleared
- Insights published in a dashboard will be cleared
- Insights shared in a workspace will be cleared
-  Scenario with the dataset as input of a scenario step will break 
```

# Clear Intermediate Datasets Macro

## Description
Save disk space by clearing intermediate datasets in the flow.

## CAUTION
The following macro clears intermediate datasets, which can result in the irreversible loss of data.
Always run this macro in dry-run mode first (as enabled by default) and check in the output list to 
confirm that no dataset is unintendedly cleared.

### Partitioned and shared datasets

> Partitioned and shared datasets are particularly sensitive. Selecting the available options _Keep partitioned datasets_ and _Keep shared datasets_ will ensured that they are not cleared. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partitioned and shared datasets are particularly sensitive. Selecting the available options _Keep partitioned datasets_ and _Keep shared datasets_ will ensure that they are not cleared. 
```

# Clear Intermediate Datasets Macro

## Description
Save disk space by clearing intermediate datasets in the flow.

> ## CAUTION!

Reviewer: I'd remove the scary "!" 😃
